hey folks data from the future here and
we are heading up north to the National
Park in route 35 and all those good
places grabbing a bicycle first high
school music in this game is actually
really awesome and i hope i have an
opportunity to play it in this
playthrough i hope you have an
opportunity here if not go on youtube
listen to it it's good thing but route
35 kind of a not very distinctive route
to be honest like to be totally honest
it's it's kind of boring it does have
that surf spot so you can if you feel
like backtracking once you get surf surf
over there and grab like a berry or
something I don't know but overall the
aesthetic of this area and the next area
is meant to be kind of a balance between
pretty nature whoo whoo and a little bit
of civilization so you got fences you
got kind of organized cut grass in the
National Park ended I mean it's sort of
works I guess it's different from a
normal just grassy route and that the
path is totally clear and you can just
go past when I go into the grass if you
so desire but it's definitely quicker to
go through the grass
we trainers nothing to write home about
unfortunately a couple people on like a
date or something a couple people
practicing their magic tricks the
interesting part about this route I
think it's on this route in in the
remakes our golden soul silver is the
Polka athlon which is kind of the
replacement that they had for the
pokemon contests contests were kind of
on their way out after generation 3 so I
took the opportunity to just completely
revamp them into a little bunch of
minigames that depending on which
welcomed on you used you would have
national natural advantages of 24 select
you'd have of running one a jumping on a
flying when I don't I don't remember
them to be honest but they were a nice
diversion I think from the standard to
kill things a lot fair of this game and
a nice opportunity to do something other
than just use moves in a different way
that the pokemon contests were and the
prizes were actually a lot better than
in contests in contest you got ribbons
and for the polka athlon you would get
all sorts of really useful items I'll
he'd get evolutionary stones far earlier
than you normally would in the game so
you could like catch a growlithe in the
near vicinity and evolve it and it was
me it was me it was cool but here in
originals route 35 is pretty pretty
uninteresting 14 on sting
and I didn't grab that I am I don't even
know what that was I don't care Kelly
teen that's like the team for the track
or something I don't know well that's
what Whitney gave us but whatever this
is the National Park National Park I
like a lot more because it really does
feel like a garden that was like created
by humans to replicate the the facsimile
of nature or something that does that
sound pretentious enough okay via it it
balances the nature and the civilization
a lot more a lot better i think because
there's a reason for the grass to look
like a pokeball but it's still grassy
and it looks nice if you were not aware
somehow the the grass the base of the
overall arrangement of the national park
looks like a pokeball when looked at
from the bird's eye view which is
thematically fitting because you know
Whitney is Jim looks like a clefairy
from bird's eye view and so they're like
probably had the same architect or
something I don't know but he has some
trainers are not too difficult I think
they might have had their levels raised
a little bit in our gold silver but not
that much soul silver those guys really
did not fix the whole level curve
problem in this game i would say anyway
something that strikes missile
interesting is that there are graphics
in the national park but really are just
not used anywhere else in the game those
trees off to the side and see those the
likes trees you'd find in africa or
something I don't know very different
from like the evergreens you see here
and it's strange to have them right next
to each other and I'm not sure how I
feel about that and then that thick
grass is also I believe not used
anywhere else in the game so it's
interesting and then the secondary
purpose of the National Park is for bug
catching competitions which I really
like your set into a special version of
the National Park and you
supposed to catch the best bug type
pokemon that you can scored on a variety
for things like how much HP has left its
overall level I think its Ivy's might
come into play but it's cool it's it
focuses on catching as a competition
rather than fighting which i think i
need and i wish i showed it off in this
playthrough I didn't because why would I
it's a solo run but overall I like
National Park very nice music too and
then this just this is the last little
small segment until I go train finally I
was having with BP problems at this
point up until we get to the junction
between violet goldenrod and equity
which I like you know you go off on a
little loop the first section of the
game and then you clear out that
roadblock and makes navigation for the
rest of the game a lot easier they reuse
that idea and fourth generation with the
route just north or berg but anyway
that's it'll blow up there and i will
see you guys next time
you